vFSE

Company name- 626

Product - vFSE (virtual field service engineer)

When logging in, The first page is a login screen.

- The login screen will have a username and password.

- It'll also have a link for forgot password and a link for sign in using code.

      After the user logs in, they will be asked for a MFA code. (Vendor will be determined between general 2fa or Duo push) Oauth will authenticate user with backend servers that are handling the remote connections.

The next page will be dependent on the user who logged in.

If the user is a Super admin - They will go to a page that will ask them which function they would like to log in to.

Options will be

- 3rd party Administration (will create new companies and allow the option of background color, logos fonts and banner information changes. Also sub customer level. For example Crothall can have prisma, advent and CHS but CHS can have just their own. Branding will be consistent with the Main third party account.

- Modality administration( Page where connected system information is added including IP address, Serial number, asset number, software version, system type etc.

- User Administration (where users are created and access controls can be imposed. Ex- which modality they can access, which customer site they can access, and which system they can access specifically)

- Documentation administration

- vFSE ( when a super user is logged in, it will default to 626 branding and colors.)

There will be several user roles and what those types of users can do.

- SuperAdmin = 626 ONLY has access to all functions

- SuperManager = 626 ONLY has access to modality administration for all customers

- FseAdmin = customer or 626 systems has access to vfse and modality administration.

- Customeradmin = Has access only their organization and systems. Has the ability to configure look and feel, add and remove systems.

- UserAdmin = has the ability to manage users for a particular customer (only 626 superadmin has ability for all)

- Fse = Access to vfse only . User permissions set by user admin.

- EndUser - access to vfse at a particular site / system. No admin functions or backend service.

- ViewOnly - view only functionality. No backend only viewing for the modality.

- OneTime = one time user only valid for the current session. Access to only one system and is generated by FseAdmin or SuperAdmin ONLY. (On system page Fseadmin or super admin has button to press generate access link that will create a link with a session code and separate randomly generated password. This will be used on main login page. This will be for the purpose of giving one time access to a remote support engineer or applications specialist.

- CRYO (Cryogen only account to monitor helium)

- CryoFSE (access to cryogen and MRI only)

- CRYOADMIN (person who can add systems to be monitored)

Modality administration page

This page will consist a list of all the modalities in the VFSE system. super users will be able to add systems to a global database with a customer classification where as customer admins will be able to add systems to only their account. Certain customers will have limited number of seats. (Systems they can add) and those will be determined by super user. Code will need to be inputted to add more systems. This page will dictated what systems will show up in vfse. Results will be able to be filtered and system images will need to be selected. Those png images will be uploaded by super users.

When the user inputs the the information, they will need to select an image for that system.

When a user is entering a system. It will start with selecting the location of the unit CUSTOMER > Health Network > Location (Address) > system info below

- Check box for Contract or T&M

- Manufacturer (this will be in database and user will have option to add new one.) preferably pictures of logos when selecting.

- If user role is cryogen related only show Mri modality.

- Modality - will have prerequisite of manufacturer to sort high modalities exist. User will also be able to add modality. If doesn't exist.

- Product - (system type example Lightspeed 16 or VCT)

- Picture selection based on 3 prerequisites)

Next will be a page in which all information will be added

- Software version

- Asset number

- Serial number

- Location in the building (room number)

- IP address

- Local AE title

- HIS/RIS info ( IP, AE title, PORT)

- Dicom info (IP, AE title, PORT)

- OTHER- for users to add in case they need more things.

- Check boxes with which options system will have ( vFSE[VNC OR OTHER], SSH [or terminal] , service web browser, virtual media control) (ONLY SUPER USER CAN EMBED LINKS TO THESE BOXES FOR THE SYSTEMS IN TO DO ITEMS AFTER)

- System contact info ( local direct line or technologist info)

- Documentation Link for the system (defined based on user)

- If MRI, Box for EMBEDDED parameters. One for each (Helium level, Magnet pressure Chiller Status)

- Check box for connection monitoring. Will determine if the ping monitor will run on this system. This will show up on the dashboard on vfse home page.

3rd party administration page

This page will create look and feel for certain customers.

Page will begin with Customer (example Crothall)

- Customer (logo and name and colors)

- Banner and header for customer that will be used regardless of health network unless heath network is customer)

- Health Network (name and logo and colors)

User administration page -

Only super user ( 626 ) or useradmin that has customeradmin as well)

- Role (Default FSE) Customer admin cannot create super admin or anything 626 related.

- User email

- First name

- Last name

- Phone number

- Check boxes for which modalities they will have access to (MRI, CT, MAMMO, XR, US etc…)

- Check boxes for access to which customer (only for 626) otherwise if customer it will be access to which health network or site)

- Check boxes for Heath network

- Check Boxes for sites within the heath network (tree)

- Documentation link available (Yes or no)

- Has access to FSE functions ? (Yes no (SSH, Web service etc))

- IS view only? (Yes no)

- Audit enabled ( YES DEFAULT is shown but grayed out) ONLY SUPER USER CAN MODIFY

- One time link creation (Can user create one time link, If user doesn't have role a button for request one time link will be sent to manager)

- Who manager is (drop down list)

- Can leave notes (yes No)

- Can see notes from other users (yes no) (626 can see all notes and leave notes)

User management page will also list all users by the customer and health network in tree form for password or 2fa reset

Documentation administration page

Based on the systems in the database, documentation links for a particular system can be added ( from internal S3 and Oauth)

- Manufacturer>Modality>Product (link) save button

vFSE Home page

When on landing page, the page will contain the total number of systems the user has assigned to his account.

There will be a small box that says

Connections being monitored= #

Systems alive = #

Systems offline = #

There will be a section under vfse that will list customers. (If 626)

When customer is selected page will transform to health network and then to modality and then allow the user to select their system. If it is a customer account it will only list their health networks or sites if one network.

If a customer account it will only show heath network page.

There will be a quick connect box on the side that will sort by asset number.

Monitoring box below vfse will have list of assets and green yellow red status

The asset can be clicked and it will take it to the full monitoring page (Grafana link currently but soon will have its own info.

Systems will have a notes section for other remote engineers to leave notes. On a particular system for other remote users to see.

Prior to any remote connection, when a system is clicked, Prompt user and ask if there is an open work order.

- If yes, prompt for work order number

- If no ask if this is contract. If yes allow connection

- In not contract prompt for PO#

Needs to have logging for everything that happens on this site. Which user logs in and what they click etc. active time and needs a timer function once a system is clicked. When user signs off or closes page end timer.

Browser activity needs to be active for 5 minutes. If inactive for over 5 minutes prompt if they are still active. If no response after 10 seconds sign user off.
